VIMINFO.md, before:

Vim
===

Navigation
----------
- Tabs
  * `tt`: New tab
  * `tn`: Move to next tab
  * `tp`: Move to previous tab
  * `tm`: Move current tab to a specific position
  * `tl`: Toggle TabMan
  * `tf`: Focus TabMan

- Windows
  * `:s`: Split horizontally
  * `:vs`: Split vertically
  * `Ctrl+<hjkl>`: Navigate through windows
  * `Ctrl+W T`: Break out current window into a new tabview
  * `Ctrl+W o`: Close every window in the current tabview but the current one

- TagBar
  * `F4`: TagbarToggle

Search
------
- `,e`: Open file with recursive and fuzzy file name matching. And allows you to open the selected file on a new tab with `Ctrl-t`
- `,g`: Fuzzy symbol finder  (classes, methods, variables, functions, ...) on the current file
- `,f`: Fuzzy text finder on all the opened files
- `,r`: Ack - You can open your files with: o (open), go (preview), t (open in a new tab), h-v (open in a split), H-V(open in a split silently)
- `/`: Search in current file
- [Search and replace](http://vim.wikia.com/wiki/Search_and_replace)

Copy and Paste
--------------
- `:set paste` Set paste mode (it wont break indentation)
- `:set nu!` Hide line numers (so you can copy with `Ctrl + c`)

Enorch
------
- `:Unlink` Delete a buffer and the file on disk simultaneously.
- `:Move` Rename a buffer and the file on disk simultaneously.
- [other](https://github.com/tpope/vim-eunuch)

Comments
--------
- `Ctrl-c`: Comment a single line
- `Ctrl-x`: Uncomment a single line

Clean Whitespaces
-----------------
- `:FixWhitespace` Boom! you don't have trailing white spaces anymore

WIP
---
This is not ready yet.

Commit message:

Map common typos as commands

VIMINFO.md, after:

Vim
===

Navigation
----------
- Tabs
  * `tt`: New tab
  * `tn`: Move to next tab
  * `tp`: Move to previous tab
  * `tm`: Move current tab to a specific position
  * `tl`: Toggle TabMan
  * `tf`: Focus TabMan

- Windows
  * `:s`: Split horizontally
  * `:vs`: Split vertically
  * `Ctrl+<hjkl>`: Navigate through windows
  * `Ctrl+W T`: Break out current window into a new tabview
  * `Ctrl+W o`: Close every window in the current tabview but the current one

- TagBar
  * `F4`: TagbarToggle

Search
------
- `,e`: Open file with recursive and fuzzy file name matching. And allows you to open the selected file on a new tab with `Ctrl-t`
- `,g`: Fuzzy symbol finder  (classes, methods, variables, functions, ...) on the current file
- `,f`: Fuzzy text finder on all the opened files
- `,r`: Ack - You can open your files with: o (open), go (preview), t (open in a new tab), h-v (open in a split), H-V(open in a split silently)
- `/`: Search in current file
- [Search and replace](http://vim.wikia.com/wiki/Search_and_replace)

Copy and Paste
--------------
- `:set paste` Set paste mode (it wont break indentation)
- `:set nu!` Hide line numers (so you can copy with `Ctrl + c`)

Enorch
------
- `:Unlink` Delete a buffer and the file on disk simultaneously.
- `:Move` Rename a buffer and the file on disk simultaneously.
- [other](https://github.com/tpope/vim-eunuch)

Comments
--------
- `Ctrl-c`: Comment a single line
- `Ctrl-x`: Uncomment a single line

Clean Whitespaces
-----------------
- `:FixWhitespace` Boom! you don't have trailing white spaces anymore

Remap common typos to actual commands
-------------------------------------
I remap stuff like :Q to :q, :W to :w and it's friends.

WIP
---
This is not ready yet.
